<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="../css/sherlock.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="sherlock.css" />
        <title>Sherlock</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <header>
            <h1>Detecting Orientalism in Sherlock Holmes</h1>
        </header>
        <!--#include virtual="../ssi/navbarhome.xhtml"-->
        <div id="head">
            <h2 class="title"> Background </h2>
            <br />
        </div>
        <div class="main">
            <h3 class="back_sec"> Text </h3>
            <p> Published in 1890, Arthur Conan Doyle's second novel, <cite>The Sign of the
                Four,</cite> was not an initial commercial success, unlike his many
                short-stories. It's themes of colonial occupation and presence of oriental elements
                makes it a seminal text from the <em>fin-de-siecle</em> that explores a new
                discomfort with British Raj following the Sepoy Rebellion. The plot centers around
                the Agra treasure, a collection of precious gems, jewels, and metals, stolen by
                Major Sholto during the chaos of the rebellion who brings it back to England.
                Jonathan Small, an English convict who was in on other plans to steal this treasure,
                eventually steals it back from Sholto's son with the help of an Andaman Islander. The
                treasure hunt narrative is the main plot driver, raising questions about the
                rightful possession of an Eastern treasure, although the text is full of other
                Western imaginations of the Orient and the East.</p>
            <br/>
            <h3 class="back_sec"> Orientalism and Colonialism </h3>
            
            <p> Orientalism refers to an outside, prejudiced view of the Orient, or the East, in
                juxtaposition to the Occident, or the West. According to Edward Said's seminal 1978
                text <cite>Orientalism,</cite> the term refers to the patronizing attitudes assigned
                by the West in its conception of the East and eastern cultures, viewing them as
                underdeveloped and static states inferior to the West. The East referring to Middle
                Eastern, Asian, and North African countries, Said argues the West essentials these
                societies. </p>
            <p> Looking at Doyle's <cite>The Sign of the Four</cite> in light of this theory, it's
                exploration of Colonial occupation and the Sepoy Rebellion make it an interesting
                item to investigate. As this plot center's around the Agra treasure, an object of
                Indian origin, the rightful possession of the treasure comes down to a question of
                Empire. England's occupation of India was an issue for the empire at the time this
                text was published, so its inclusion of the Sepoy Rebellion that took place in 1857
                offers a reflection of the Empire's complex and violent relationship with India.
                This research is considering the effects of these issues through the presence of
                Orientalisms in the novel as a way to parse out some of the complexities of Colonial
                occupation.</p>
            

        </div>
    </body>
</html>
