<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="../css/sherlock.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="sherlock.css" />
        <title>Sherlock</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <header>
            <h1>Detecting Orientalism in Sherlock Holmes</h1>
        </header>
        <nav>
            <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
            <a href="background.xhtml">Background</a>
            <a href="methods.xhtml">Methodology</a>
            <a href="analysis.xhtml">Analysis</a>
            <a href="text.xhtml">Text</a>
            <a href="conclusion.xhtml">Conclusions</a>
        </nav>
        <section>
            <h2> Orientalism in the Victorian Imagination</h2>
            <h3 class="a">This section will explore the ways the oriental figure is constructed in
                the western occidental culture through an excerpt from Sir Author Conan Doyle's
                <i>The Sign of the Four</i>:</h3>
            <div class="b"> <p><i>excerpt from ch. 8</i></p>
                <p>"I have no wish to make a mystery of
                    him,—to you, anyway. But you must have formed your own opinion. Now, do consider
                    the data. Diminutive footmarks, toes never fettered by boots, naked feet,
                    stone-headed wooden mace, great agility, small poisoned darts. What do you make
                    of all this?" </p>
                <p>"A savage!" I exclaimed. "Perhaps one of those Indians who were the associates of
                    Jonathan Small".</p>
                <p>"Hardly that," said he. "When first I saw signs of strange weapons I was inclined
                    to think so; but the remarkable character of the footmarks caused me to
                    reconsider my views. Some of the inhabitants of the Indian Peninsula are small
                    men, but none could have left such marks as that. The Hindoo proper has long and
                    thin feet. The sandal-wearing Mohammedan has the great toe well separated from
                    the others, because the thong is commonly passed between. These little darts,
                    too, could only be shot in one way. They are from a blow-pipe. Now, then, where
                    are we to find our savage?" </p>
                <p>"South American," I hazarded. </p>
                <p> He stretched his hand up, and took down a bulky volume from the shelf. "This is
                    the first volume of a gazetteer which is now being published. It may be looked
                    upon as the very latest authority. What have we here? 'Andaman Islands, situated
                    340 miles to the north of Sumatra, in the Bay of Bengal.' Hum! hum! What's all
                    this? </p>
                <p>Moist climate, coral reefs, sharks, Port Blair, convict-barracks,
                    Rutland Island, cottonwoods—Ah, here we are. 'The aborigines of the Andaman
                    Islands may perhaps claim the distinction of being the smallest race upon this
                    earth, though some anthropologists prefer the Bushmen of Africa, the Digger
                    Indians of America, and the Terra del Fuegians. The average height is rather
                    below four feet, although many full-grown adults may be found who are very much
                    smaller than this.</p>
                <p>They are a fierce, morose, and intractable people, though capable of forming most
                    devoted friendships when their confidence has once been gained.' Mark that,
                    Watson. Now, then, listen to this. 'They are naturally hideous, having large,
                    misshapen heads, small, fierce eyes, and distorted features. Their feet and
                    hands, however, are remarkably small. So intractable and fierce are they that
                    all the efforts of the British official have failed to win them over in any
                    degree.</p>
                <p>They have always been a terror to shipwrecked crews, braining the survivors with
                    their stone-headed clubs, or shooting them with their poisoned arrows. These
                    massacres are invariably concluded by a cannibal feast.' Nice, amiable people,
                    Watson! If this fellow had been left to his own unaided devices this affair
                    might have taken an even more ghastly turn. I fancy that, even as it is,
                    Jonathan Small would give a good deal not to have employed him."</p>
                <p>"But how came he to have so singular a companion?" </p>
                <p>"Ah, that is more than I can tell. Since, however, we had already determined that
                    Small had come from the Andamans, it is not so very wonderful that this islander
                    should be with him. No doubt we shall know all about it in time.</p>
                <p>Look here, Watson; you look regularly done. Lie down there on the sofa, and see
                    if I can put you to sleep."</p></div>
            
        </section>
        
    </body>
</html>
