<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="../css/sherlock.css"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="sherlock.css" />
        <title>Sherlock</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <!--#include virtual="../ssi/navbarhome.xhtml"-->
        <header>
            <h1>Detecting Orientalism in Sherlock Holmes</h1>
            <!--#include virtual="../ssi/navbarhome.xhtml"-->
        </header>
        <section>
            <div id="head">
                <h2 class="title"> Methodology</h2>
            </div>
            <br />

            <div class="main">

                <h3>Technologies</h3>
                <p>To examine this text, we used several technologies to conduct our inquiry.</p>
                <p>To mark up our text, we used XML and created a mark-up language to identify
                    passages and words of interest to us. To maintain consistency, we wrote a schema
                    lanuage in Relax NG to reinforce our work. Our mark-up was concerned with the
                    use of oriental objects and the ways the East was talked about and categorized
                    in this text, so we developed our mark-up code around that. Using a description
                    element tag (desc) we marked speakers or narration to identify if a person or an
                    object was being spoken about (target) and if that person or object was oriented
                    with the east or the west (host). This was an important distinction to make, as
                    the novel centers around the Agra treasure, an Indian treasure stolen from the
                    empire and brought to the British Empire. The novel features many "oriental"
                    objects, but who possesses or uses them often determines how they are viewed by
                    the characters. We accounted for this feeling attribution by tagging specific
                    words in a (desc) tag to delinated how the part of speech was being used in the
                    sentence. We did this by marking adjectives (adj), verbs (v), and nouns(n) to
                    determine the attitude (att) to be positive (pos) negative (neg) or ambiguous
                    (ambig) and type of emotion attributed to these values (type) by determing if
                    the usage is primitive (prim) erotic (erot) violent (violent) exotic (exotic) or
                    no discernable type (none). </p>
                <p>We did this as a way to examine how western characters, namely Sherlock Holmes
                    and Dr. John Watson, interacted with the east by considering their language
                    throughout the novel. We wanted to see how objects associated with the east or
                    the Orient were precieved differently depending on who (a westerner or
                    easterner) possessed it.</p>
                <hr />
                <h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>
                <ul class="minutes">
                    <li>
                        <a href="../meeting_minutes/2019-02-08_minutes.docx">Meeting 2/8/2019</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="../meeting_minutes/2019-02-20_minutes.docx">Meeting 2/20/2019</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="../meeting_minutes/2019-03-01_minutes.docx">Meeting 3/1/2019</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="../meeting_minutes/2019-03-08_minutes.docx">Meeting 3/8/2019</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="../meeting_minutes/2019-3-29_minutes.docx">Meeting 3/29/2019</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="../meeting_minutes/2019-04-12_minutes.docx">Meeting 4/12/2019</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>

            </div>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
